Okay. So, why would we actually implement the data warehouse on AWS?
This is the conceptual model that we have of a data warehouse.
We have the data or sources that are crucial for operations for OLTP.
These are quite heterogeneous,
different types, different skill sets.
Each one of them might need different upgrades and it might
be scattered across the organization in different physical locations.
As well, we have the ETL.
Here, it looks like a simple arrow,
but actually, this is a number of processes.
Sometimes, a number of machines called a grid of ETL grids.
These ones contain lots of scheduling and pipelining for copying the data
from the data sources into the dimensional model store.
Then, we have the data warehouse storage part where basically,
it grows over time.
There are different workloads.
Some need one machine and some need many machines.
I mean, one day,
I could need a humongous computation.
The other day, maybe I'm doing normal daily computation.
I mean, the end of the year might not be like
the end of the months or the end of the day.
Then, finally, we need to somehow take
this data and present it in business intelligent apps,
and visualizations, and so on.
That's also a rather hybrid environment.